5 months ago
I saw that Yi Yong saved a man who was bullied by the rich second generation
But he was kind and vengeful
Said I ruined his chance to marry into a wealthy family
Well, he went to the media to slander me
He caused my wife to be separated
He also viciously pulled out my oxygen hole
I don't blame you
If it weren't for grandpa, you
Maybe I would have married into Buddhism
Don't meddle in my next life
But God gave me a chance to be reborn
Back to the day of the old year
As you wish
This time I won't meddle in my own business
Hello, save me
Hey, it's not you coward, why don't you go and save people
What to save?
Maybe it's a young couple quarreling